[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right, folks.
Now, we're going to do
the bedtime qi gong.
This would be done right before
you go to sleep, literally
on the edge of your bed.
And as T.J. is
going to explain it,
it'll be a way of gathering all
the thoughts and all the mind
racing and all the stuff,
condensing it, boom.
And I'll let T.J.
run us through it.
But it'll just be a way
of putting that all to bed
and getting the best night's
sleep that you can possibly
have.
It's very powerful.
OK, T.J., let's do it.
So exactly, the
bedtime qi gong starts
by sitting on the
side of the bed,
going into your sleep space.
Now, it's important that you
use your sleep space just
for sleeping.
Don't do your work,
don't do your homework,
don't do your processing
in your sleep space.
Your sleep space is
just for sleeping.
So you go into your
sleep space, and you
sit on the side of the bed.
And you just think
about all the activities
you've done in the day, all the
projects that are not finished,
everything you're going
to have to do tomorrow,
everybody you've
got to connect with,
everybody that's
connecting to you.
And sit on the side of the bed,
and just think of all of that,
and just see all that
swirling above your head, all
the action, all the activities.
Now, shake your
hands to activate
the action in your hands.
And reach up like you
can gather or connect
all of that activity,
all of those actions.
And think of it as yellow.
Once again, that's
an active color.
And bring your right
hand down in front of you
like you can hold
a bowl or a vessel,
and bringing your left
hand into this a-OK symbol.
And imagine with these
fingers that are pointed up--
close your eyes
now, because we're
trying to shut the body down.
Imagine with these
three fingers,
you've got a rope that you can
tug all this yellow activity
down.
And slowly bringing that
energy down, filling this bowl,
imagine you can just draw down
into this bowl or this cup
that you're holding.
And as you exhale
slowly, imagine
you're drawing that whole
cloud of yellow energy
slowly down into this bowl.
And see the bowl filling
with this yellow fluid,
yellow action.
Put the tongue to your
roof of your mouth.
Breathe in through your nose.
Breathe out through your mouth.
Slowly, slowly just tug,
and just fill this bowl
with all the activity.
And bring it down,
slowly, slowly,
breathing in through your nose,
out through your mouth, tongue
to the roof of the mouth.
And when you get to about
the level of your heart,
pause, and look up
to see if there's
any little last yellow
energy up there.
Are there any little
activities, any tendrils
left that you need to do,
and gather all of them
until there's no more
yellow cloud above you.
It's all in this
bowl in front of you.
And just see, like, a
ball of yellow energy.
And once you've gathered it
all, release your left hand,
and imagine you can cap
the top of this bowl.
And now bring your
hands side to side,
as though you've got a
yellow ball of energy.
All the activity that you're
going to need to do tomorrow--
not now-- it's all right here.
And then slowly bring this in.
Bring it into the lower
belly, into your belly.
And as you bring this
ball of yellow energy in,
imagine it displaces
the white energy that we
gathered in the morning.
So now, we're turning ourselves
into the hard-boiled egg.
So you have a ball of
yellow energy surrounded
by white energy, stillness.
So the activity's in the
middle, and the stillness
is on the outside.
And just pause here
for several breaths.
And with your eyes still
closed and the tongue
on the roof of your mouth
and your hands on your belly,
fall over to the side into bed.
And go to sleep.
I guess it worked.
All right.
Now, we've got that filmed.
Watch that over and over.
And remember that the
power of the visualization
when you're doing
that, folks, that's
where you're going
to have so much fun,
because the better
you get at that,
and the more you
expand your imagination
and start to have
those visualizations,
that will give you real power.
And it'll be something
you'll always work on.
And it just really is powerful.
And that'll put you into such
a beautiful, deep little sleep.
And you'll wake up popping.
And before long, you'll have
this massive energy, all right?
We've given it to you.
Use it.
Bye-bye for now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]